data/nlu.md, before:

## intent:greet
- hey
- hello
- hi
- good morning
- good evening
- hey there

## intent:goodbye
- bye
- goodbye
- see you around
- see you later

## intent:affirm
- yes
- indeed
- of course
- that sounds good
- correct

## intent:deny
- no
- never
- I don't think so
- don't like that
- no way
- not really

## intent:mood_great
- perfect
- very good
- great
- amazing
- wonderful
- I am feeling very good
- I am great
- I'm good

## intent:mood_unhappy
- sad
- very sad
- unhappy
- bad
- very bad
- awful
- terrible
- not very good
- extremely sad
- so sad

## intent:bot_challenge
- are you a bot?
- are you a human?
- am I talking to a bot?
- am I talking to a human?

## intent:ask_disease_data
- how many people are [infected](treatment) due to [covid-19](disease) in [NYC](city) [New York](state)?
- how many people are [tested](treatment) due to [covid](disease) in [China](country)?
- how many people have [died](treatment) in [Seattle](city) [WA](state) [USA](country)?
- how many people are [recovered](treatment) due to [coronavirus](disease) in [New York City](city:NYC)?
- what are the symptoms?
- what should I do to help?
- what is the chance of death?

Commit message:

how many have died due to coronavirus in Ohio

data/nlu.md, after:

## intent:greet
- hey
- hello
- hi
- good morning
- good evening
- hey there

## intent:goodbye
- bye
- goodbye
- see you around
- see you later

## intent:affirm
- yes
- indeed
- of course
- that sounds good
- correct

## intent:deny
- no
- never
- I don't think so
- don't like that
- no way
- not really

## intent:mood_great
- perfect
- very good
- great
- amazing
- wonderful
- I am feeling very good
- I am great
- I'm good

## intent:mood_unhappy
- sad
- very sad
- unhappy
- bad
- very bad
- awful
- terrible
- not very good
- extremely sad
- so sad

## intent:bot_challenge
- are you a bot?
- are you a human?
- am I talking to a bot?
- am I talking to a human?

## intent:ask_disease_data
- how many people are [infected](treatment) due to [covid-19](disease) in [NYC](city) [New York](state)?
- how many people are [tested](treatment) due to [covid](disease) in [China](country)?
- how many people have [died](treatment) in [Seattle](city) [Washington](state) [USA](country)?
- how many people are [recovered](treatment) due to [coronavirus](disease) in [New York City](city:NYC)?
- how many people are [treated](treatment) due to [covid19](disease) in [Ohio](state)?
- what are the symptoms?
- what should I do to help?
- what is the chance of death?
